README.md, before:

# widget-pseudocode

<center>

[![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?include_prereleases&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/releases/latest)
[![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/releases/latest)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/commits/main)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)
![hits](https://hits.b3log.org/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode.svg)
[![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/total?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/releases)

</center>

一个适用于思源笔记的 [pseudocode.js](https://saswat.padhi.me/pseudocode.js/) 挂件  
A [pseudocode.js](https://saswat.padhi.me/pseudocode.js/) widget for Siyuan Notes.

## 预览 | PREVIEW

![preview-relative](./preview.png)
![preview-location](/widgets/pseudocode/preview.png)

## 功能 | FUNCTION

- 预览 | preview
  - 双击预览面板切换编辑/预览状态  
    Double-click the preview panel to toggle the edit/preview status.
- 编辑 | edit
  - 使用快捷键 <kbd>Alt + Z</kbd> 开启/关闭自动换行功能  
    Use the shortcut <kbd>Alt + Z</kbd> to enable/disable word wrapping function.
  - 使用快捷键 <kbd>Ctrl + P</kbd> 切换至预览状态  
    Use the shortcut <kbd>Ctrl + P</kbd> to toggle to preview state.
  - 使用快捷键 <kbd>Ctrl + S</kbd> 保存当前编辑区内容  
    Use the shortcut <kbd>Ctrl + P</kbd> to save the content of the current editing area.

## 依赖 | DEPENDENCIES

| 作者 \| Author                                    | 项目 \| Project                                                           | 许可证 \| License                                                                 |
| :------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **[Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft)**     | [microsoft/monaco-editor](https://github.com/microsoft/monaco-editor)     | *[MIT License](https://github.com/microsoft/monaco-editor/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)* |
| **[SaswatPadhi](https://github.com/SaswatPadhi)** | [SaswatPadhi/pseudocode.js](https://github.com/SaswatPadhi/pseudocode.js) | *[MIT license](https://github.com/SaswatPadhi/pseudocode.js/blob/master/LICENSE)*                  |

注: 按引入时间排序

## 更改日志 | CHANGE LOG

[CHANGE LOG](./CHANGELOG.md)

Commit message:

feat: 新增使用链接分享功能 | Added the function to share with link.

README.md, after:

# widget-pseudocode

<center>

[![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?include_prereleases&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/releases/latest)
[![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/releases/latest)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/commits/main)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode?style=flat-square)
![hits](https://hits.b3log.org/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode.svg)
[![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/total?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Zuoqiu-Yingyi/widget-pseudocode/releases)

</center>

一个适用于思源笔记的 [pseudocode.js](https://saswat.padhi.me/pseudocode.js/) 挂件  
A [pseudocode.js](https://saswat.padhi.me/pseudocode.js/) widget for Siyuan Notes.

## 预览 | PREVIEW

![preview-relative](./preview.png)
![preview-location](/widgets/pseudocode/preview.png)

## 功能 | FUNCTION

- 预览 | preview
  - 双击预览面板切换编辑/预览状态  
    Double-click the preview panel to toggle the edit/preview status.
- 编辑 | edit
  - 使用快捷键 <kbd>Alt + Z</kbd> 开启/关闭自动换行功能  
    Use the shortcut <kbd>Alt + Z</kbd> to enable/disable word wrapping function.
  - 使用快捷键 <kbd>Ctrl + P</kbd> 切换至预览状态  
    Use the shortcut <kbd>Ctrl + P</kbd> to toggle to preview state.
  - 使用快捷键 <kbd>Ctrl + S</kbd> 保存当前编辑区内容  
    Use the shortcut <kbd>Ctrl + P</kbd> to save the content of the current editing area.
  - 使用快捷键 <kbd>Ctrl + Shift + S</kbd> 复制分享链接  
    Use the shortcut <kbd>Ctrl + P</kbd> to copy the share link.

## 依赖 | DEPENDENCIES

| 作者 \| Author                                    | 项目 \| Project                                                           | 许可证 \| License                                                                 |
| :------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **[Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft)**     | [microsoft/monaco-editor](https://github.com/microsoft/monaco-editor)     | *[MIT License](https://github.com/microsoft/monaco-editor/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)* |
| **[SaswatPadhi](https://github.com/SaswatPadhi)** | [SaswatPadhi/pseudocode.js](https://github.com/SaswatPadhi/pseudocode.js) | *[MIT license](https://github.com/SaswatPadhi/pseudocode.js/blob/master/LICENSE)*                  |

注: 按引入时间排序

## 更改日志 | CHANGE LOG

[CHANGE LOG](./CHANGELOG.md)
